Family, I'm excited to be with you
all again today.
I'm going to do another 'Pray with
Me'video.
I really feel that
these are important for
where we are going and the future of
the things that the Lord is warning me
about. Basically,
where we are in the seasons and the
times is
vital.
I really believe jumping in the river
every day is vital. It's not something
that you can do every once in a while;
I believe this is going to have to start
to be a lifestyle for many of you for
protection, for guidance, and for
wisdom—everything is
going to come out of
prayer. If you want
it,
you have to birth it in the supernatural
before you see it in the natural.
Birthing it into the
supernatural—whether
you're interceding for
your spouse, unsaved loved ones, or
your finances—you have
to pray it through. If you want
breakthrough in your life, you have to
learn how to pray and intercede and be
effective in your prayer life, because
having an effective prayer life is what
you're going to need in these last days.
It's very, very important.
A gentleman approached me
asking for prayer for his church in
Pakistan. His church was burnt
down, and a lot of terrible things
happened to his congregation. So, it
was on my heart today to pray for this
pastor in Pakistan.
In
this video, these ladies are
praying for the
presidential election.
You can put your faith in; prayer
is timeless, so it doesn't matter
that
this is an older video.
There's no boundary to prayer. You
intercede where you're at. I do this to
help motivate people to 'jump in the
river'so
that
this will help you to learn how they're
doing it. You watch how
they're doing it and you learn.
These ladies right here are some of the
greatest intercessory prayer people that
I know in the
public eye in this generation.
We have Lynne Hammond, her sister
Lucy, Pastor Terri Copeland Pearsons,
and we have Billye—and I don't know
who the lady with the silver hair is, but
I'm sure she prays very well or she
wouldn't be on the stage with them.
I just want to encourage you all to
let the Holy Spirit use you
right now. Just enter in and
let's pray as a group.
The
last video had over
10,000
hits.
That is amazing. Do you realize if it
was 30 minutes at
10,000,
what kind of mountains we move
and
what we're doing to change the spiritual
atmosphere and the climate of our
nations, our cities, and our states?
Look at what
we can do as a group,
praying together like this. I just
want to encourage you to jump in
that river to pray with us and to
intercede on behalf of whatever you're
believing for.
There's another lady that
asked me—her husband's dealing with
alcohol
and deliverance
issues.
You all send me your
prayer requests, and I take them very
seriously. You sow to my
YouTube channel and you're
believing for extra finances. My
wife and I want to let you know we
pray for every single one of
you—your
emails, your prayer requests, all
of it. Nothing's too big and
nothing's too small. You may
have a hangnail; it doesn't matter.
It's important to God. If it's important
to you, it's important to us, and we want
to be a part of your life.
We're
praying for this lady down in
The Woodlands
area in Texas, and
she has a prayer request for rain. They
need rain down there, so I'm going
to
intercede for the rain to
come to The Woodlands, Texas. It's been very
dry and very hot; the high pressure has been
there. Even before I
start, I'm going to pray over that. Father, I
just thank You right now in the name of
Jesus for The Woodlands, Texas, down in the Houston
area. We speak to the rain to come now in
the name of Jesus.
We call the high pressure system to go
down further south. Move out of the
way. We call low pressure in the name
of Jesus. We don't
necessarily want a hurricane, Lord,
because we don't want any damage, but
Father, we ask for an abundant harvest of
rain. We speak to the rain to come now in
the name of Jesus from the north, the
south, the east, and the west. We have
authority over the weather, and we
command the rain to come now in
Jesus'name.
We have dominion, power, and
authority in this earth, and we thank You,
Lord, that You've given it to us. We
call the rain to come in. We call
an
abundant harvest of rain. Father, I thank
You, Lord, for bringing that rain in right
now. We thank You, Lord, that we have that
authority and that ability to call
in the rain. We speak to drought:
drought, go now in
Jesus'name!
We give You all the glory, honor,
and praise for it. Father, we pray over
the man in Pakistan and his church.
The church is burnt down. We
call
back seven-fold what the devil stole. We call
back restoration of the lives that were
lost. We thank You, Lord, for the
families.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that there's
peace over those family members
who
lost their loved ones.
I call
peace over those people right now in the
name of Jesus. I thank You, Lord, that
they
are light in the darkness.
The persecution
coming on them from the
terrorist groups—we command it to go now
in Jesus'name. We command the peace that
passes all understanding over their
hearts.
I thank You, Father. We take authority
over those demonic spirits that are
causing chaos, destruction,
and confusion.
We take authority over it right
now in the name of Jesus.
We send angels
there with them right now in the name of
Jesus. Father, we thank You for
deliverance from alcoholism,
from demonic strongholds, and from
generational curses.
We take authority over the root of
alcoholism. Father, we thank You, Lord, that
they're free from alcoholism and bondage
to perversions of all kinds. We thank
You, Lord, that that family is restored
and there's a glory over that
home. For all the families
represented here that need a
breakthrough in finances, we call
breakthrough in the name of Jesus over
their finances. We call deliverance over
their children. We call deliverance from
demonic spirits in the name of Jesus. We
plead the blood of Jesus over their
minds and over their emotions. We thank
You, Lord, for healing any
hormone imbalances,
depression, anxiety, or fear.
We come against the
spirit of anxiety. Father, we thank You,
Lord, for the blood of Jesus
Christ that covers these people.
We're always in the right place at the
right time. We're always hearing Your
voice, Father.
We
thank
You,
Lord,
that
we're always being led by
Your Spirit.
I thank You, Lord, that we hear Your
voice and a stranger's voice we will not
follow. We take authority over
the demonic spirits that try to
cause confusion and havoc in our lives.
We thank You, Father, for Your blood.
We thank
You, Lord, that You set us free by the
blood of
the Lamb and by the word
of our testimony. You took it all on the
cross for us. You bore our sickness
in Your body so that we don't need to bear
it in ours. We thank You, Lord, that we see
what we're supposed to see and hear what
we're supposed to hear. We thank You, Lord,
that we're led by, filled with, and controlled by
the Holy Ghost today. Father, we just
thank You, Lord, for this in the name of
Jesus. Here we go.
We're going to start this
video.
My prayer focus is
my YouTube family. I'm going
to pray for you all. I'm going to
intercede for your finances
and
your health. We're just
going to
believe together
and
pray with them now.
Like I said, I do these videos
to help you stir yourself up. Let's do
this. All right,
we're lifting it up now. Yes,
Lord.
The decree. We
are speaking.
The
Bible
is
today's
original
devotional.
Let's see.
Lift up
Jesus,
please.
Oh God,
angels,
go now in Jesus'name.
In Jesus'name,
we take authority over the
demonic stronghold. In the name of Jesus,
we break it. We break the power, we break
those
assignments, we break them in
Jesus'name.
This is when we start to change into
another river.
Let's just wait.
It's another river.
Feel
it. You can start to feel it. You
start to pull with it.
It starts to change. You can feel
the pulse change.
All
the
administration things that might
not be good,
just lift those things up to
the Lord right now. Whatever comes across
your heart.
Shape
my nation. This
is
our nation. This belongs
to us.
We turn things around. We're going to
turn things around. We can turn it around.
We
pray
for
the plan
for what we're
believing for. We thank you, Lord, for
intercession for what we're
believing for.
We thank you, Lord, for the breakthrough.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for where we
are in our intercession.
There's a breakthrough coming in the
name of Jesus. We speak to our
circumstances in the name of Jesus. We
command them to change now. In the name
of Jesus,
we have authority over our circumstances.
We command them to change right now in
Jesus'name.
All healing, all deliverance belongs to
us in the name of Jesus.
The rain of the Holy Ghost,
a fresh outpouring of the spirit.
An awakening unto God.
The rain,
a new outpour, a fresh touch of revival
upon this nation, upon the world. A great,
mighty harvest of souls. We call them
forth, the mighty harvest of souls. Father,
we call for them with an outpouring of
your spirit, oh God. We thank you for
fresh manifestations of the glory on
this nation, upon this world. We call them forth,
Father,
for your mighty hand to move
greatly in these last days, oh God. We're
calling
forth the mighty harvest of
souls, Lord.
Father, we bring them forth in the name
of Jesus. Those that are lost,
oh Lord, we praise you.
We call forth the souls in the name of
Jesus.
Call forth the ones that are lost, Father.
Heaven to earth,
oh God, we thank you.
Rain down a fresh fire, a fresh rain of
your spirit on us, oh God.
I thank you
for
a new revelation,
Ephesians
1:18,
that the eyes of understanding would be
enlightened,
that
we may know the hope.
Father, I thank you
that
you desire
that not one should perish.
In the name of the Lord,
it was important in the Word of God
when
Jethro
said to Moses, 'You need some help
here,'and
he chose men to help
him.
We prayed earlier today about the
judiciary,
and now we're going to pray about the
cabinet. He
fills
the seat.
This is in line with what we've been
saying about the power in us
from Ephesians 1. It says he's put all
things under his feet. He's appointed him
the head of the church, which is his body,
the fullness of him
who fills all in all.
For in
that body
lives the full measure of him
who makes everything complete
and who fills everything, or who fills
every seat with himself. I see the seat
right now.
He fills every seat with himself
in this body.
In
this body dwells the fullness of him
who fills every seat. He makes
everything complete and he fills
everything, or fills every seat with
himself. I see him,
whether from within or from upon, the
Lord himself goes and takes every seat.
Every seat around that
table he sits in. That seat behind the
desk
over in the Oval Office, he
himself
fills every seat and he'll put the right
person he can use to sit
in
that
seat.
We receive it by faith.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
In
Jesus'name,
fill every
seat,
Father.
See that in your heart.
He fills every seat.
See the seats around the cabinet table.
He
fills every seat
with himself.
He pours contempt on princes and he
loosens the belt of the strong, disabling
them and bringing them to the pride of
their own learning.
He uncovers deep things out of darkness
and brings into light black gloom and
the shadow of death. He makes nations
great
and he can destroy them. He enlarges
nations and then he
straitens
them
and leads them away. He takes away
understanding from the leaders of the
people of the land of the earth and
causes them to wander in the wilderness
where there is no path.
They grope in the dark without
light,
and he makes them stagger and
wander
like drunken men.
Job
chapter 12, verses 15 through 25.
This is the one that we used for the
last
session.
By
the decree of the watchers. There are
watchers. Here's what Brother Halverson
tells
us about that verse. There are
heavenly watchers and then there are
watchers. We're watchers,
and what we're doing right now is
watching in the spirit at the
instruction of the Holy
Spirit.
I want us all to stand up. Daniel
repented for his nation,
and there's something we have to repent
about.
Then Brother Bishop is going to come
and speak to those seats
and get the order right here.
If you can with your heart,
join and say it after I say it.
Heavenly Father,
we come to you through
Jesus.
We
repent, Lord,
for the sins of our
nation regarding Israel.
We repent
for a devious plan
to give away
the promised land
when you said
it should not be divided.
We repent
for
a
roadmap
to divide Jerusalem.
We are
not in agreement with this. Lord,
forgive us. Lord,
forgive our leaders. Perhaps they don't
know
the written word,
but we ask you, God,
do not hold our nation in divine
judgment
over this gross sin.
God, have mercy on us.
We ask for mercy, Father.
Now we
sit in the council
and give godly counsel concerning this
matter. I know that there
are many issues. We pray for Joe Biden.
There's only one issue in the Word of
God. We thank you, Lord, that you help
this
nation. God, bring people across the
path
that do not touch Israel, do not divide
Jerusalem.
We ask for mercy, Father.
Give him godly counsel or a dream in
the middle of the night.
Show
him, 'Do not do this.'We
pray for
the new Secretary of State, that
he would
have right policies
towards Israel.
May this Secretary of State know inside
and may his mind be renewed, that
those that bless her are blessed and
those that curse her
are cursed.
Therefore shall he advise the
president rightly according to the word.
'Do not do
this,'we
pray.
He
will advise the president
rightly.
Change the heart.
Do not divide Jerusalem.
Show me your plans.
May that Secretary of Defense be one
that all can look up to.
Yes, Father, we thank you for godly
leaders
in this economy.
I thank you they have an awakening
unto God, a Jesus moment,
a fear of the Lord
in the name of Jesus.
For
such a time as this.
Secretary of Housing and Urban
Development, we pray, Father, as
we reach out through this nation, advise
the president to help those who have
needs. Thank you for
the
manifestation of the blessing in their
lives. The president shall be advised
in such a way that your
plan and your ways are
followed.
Secretary of Health and Human
Services, Father, we pray for our hospital
systems in
Jesus'name.
For
those who are over Veterans Affairs,
for
our veterans, Father, we pray
mercy over there. We take authority over
the spirits of suicide, giving up on
life,
we bind it in Jesus'name off their minds.
We break that off of them, Father. We
thank you, Lord, there's peace. We
speak to PTSD in the name of Jesus. We
command it to bow its knee.
We command
PTSD to leave now in Jesus'name. May
the advice
they give the
president be sound and strong.
We pray that
you
would
stand up against Satan's forces
as he tries to come against
America and the church in
Jesus'name.
Secure southern borders, secure northern
borders.
Thank
you,
Jesus.
It
came up in one of our prayer meetings:
'One thing have I asked of the Lord, that
will I seek and require:
that I may dwell in the house
of the
Lord.'We
declare the House of Representatives
to be the house of the Lord in the name
of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we declare and we
decree
of the Lord, and we have authority to
declare that, not just because we are
believers, but because this nation was
given to the church.
This nation belongs to the church.
Wake up! This nation was given into
the hands of the church. Wake up! When
they
said
'church,'that's
our house, and we declare
that house to be the house of the Lord
in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
We
thank
you.
I just want to say thank you all
for joining me today. I
believe we did... I felt a real
shifting. I started
interceding—I
could hear Canada, and I was interceding
for Canada today. I don't know what that
was all about, but there's something very
significant. When I was praying, I could
feel a push for Canada, and I
kept seeing in the spirit Canada. So I
was praying for either the Prime
Minister up there, Justin Trudeau,
I think, is his name. But Father, I'm
just agreeing right now that Canada's
borders are safe. I thank you, Father,
that
the southern borders are safe. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that people would rise up
and wake up and stop the evil that's
going on. Right now, I thank you,
Father, for bringing godly people into
leadership. I thank you, Father, that
there's an awakening unto God in this
nation, that the pastors would preach
what they're supposed to
preach behind the pulpits,
bringing forth a repentance and holiness
gospel instead of compromise. Father, instead
of
a lukewarm gospel, they would
preach a fire gospel.
Father,
we're running out of time; Jesus is
coming. And Father, I thank you, Lord, that
there is an urgency in the body of
Christ to do this. We call an urgency in
right now in the name of Jesus. We call
that urgency in, Father, that the pastors
would wake up and preach, 'Jesus is
coming.'Father,
I thank you, Lord, that they
would start teaching the church on the
blood and the power of the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's
revelation knowledge that flows in these people—the pastors, the evangelists,
the prophets, and the
people
of the land
who
are in leadership. Father, I thank you,
Lord, for revelation of your Spirit on
them, that they would not have a
fear and a shrinking back, but a
boldness to go and take the land.
I thank you, Father, for that kind of
leadership; they are going
after the giants and taking the head off,
like David did. I thank you,
Father. I thank you, Father, for revelation
in your Word. I thank you, Father, for the
move
of the Spirit that we praise you,
God, for in advance. Father, for all that
you did today and everything that you
did in this prayer session, Father, as a
family, we agree that we are
freedom in the name of Jesus. Freedom,
Father, for whom the Son has set free is
free indeed. And we thank you, Lord,
in the name of Jesus, for this time of
prayer, and we give you all the glory and
honor and praise for it. In the name of
Jesus, Father, I thank you for these
people. We bless them.
So family, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. Thank you
for being a part of our YouTube channel.
We are so excited you came today. We
thank you. If you're still praying with
me, I hope this did something. If you like
it, comment down below; tell us
what you think about this one. It wasn't
as fluid as what I would have hoped
it would be, but I hadn't watched it
all the way through. I created
it—I
should
have—but
I did this to pray with y'all. So
I'm going to make another one and I just
want to say thank you again. Like I said,
you all be blessed and have a great
day. Bye-bye.